## File breakdown
**PossibleKeyLengths**:

Prints all the valid (addition not grid) key periods. Done by grouping the ciphertext into sections which each key position would be responsible for e.g. helloworld with a 3 length key would have the first key letter be responsible for "hlod" and so on. Then for each of these ct letters we can check if any possible key value would result in a plaintext value that's valid on the Polybius grid i.e. 11 but not 10 etc. If a key length has possible letters for all of its key positions then that key length is valid and will be printed along with those valid key letters. However, this works entirely in the numerical space and never actually converts those numbers into letters, a more generic approach such that the actual layout of the Polybius grid doesn't matter, and you can convert the provided numbers to letters with whatever grid after the fact. Initially I had used a logical approach for finding valid keys but frequently ran into rare edge case scenarios which would be off by one so the provided approach simply tries every key, one by one in a bruteforce fashion to check which are valid, probably not suitable if you're calling it often but fine for this once off

**NihlistMonoalph (Requires known Polybius grid)**:

A similar approach to solving vigenère. Both the possible key lengths and actual keys for each position can be found with the above method. Each key position is treated independently. For example with the same "helloworld" with a 3 length key where the first key letter is responsible for "hlod" let us suppose that "a, d, e" were the only possible keys for that position. We would then decode "hlod" with a, d, and e and pick the best result, scoring them by their monogram frequencies. This is then done for the second and third key positions and the best keys printed for each position.

**NihilistHillClimber**:

Can require a decent amount of text but will hill climb hopefully finding both the correct grid and key. The basic idea is that a list of all valid keys is first made and then a random grid created. The ciphertext is then decrypted with these and scored by its quadgrams. A small change will then be made to either the grid and key and checked to see if it improved the fitness. If it did then that change is kept and itself modified, if it didn't then the change is discarded. 95% of the time the grid itself is mutated while 5% of the time a new random key is picked from the list of valid ones. If this process hasn't given any improvements in 4000 iterations then the work is discarded and a new random initial grid is created and the process started again. The best overall result is kept track of and presented as the best guess.

Credit to James Lyons, http://practicalcryptography.com/cryptanalysis/text-characterisation/quadgrams/ for the quadgram scoring method and quadgrams.txt file
